[Music]
[Applause]
I ask which flower is beautiful, with the same color
and fragrance. The king's
spring is eternal, the trumpet flower or the maiden, how long does it last in this world of fleeting beauty? The fragrance on the old lute is like a stream flowing in the wind, the
fragrance rises against the wind, spreading
everywhere. The fragrance on the old lute is like a stream flowing in the
wind, the fragrance rises against the wind. The virtuous woman, I respectfully ask, the virtuous woman, the flower in the
courtyard, the autumn, the myriad colors, the vibrant. In this world, there is no adultery, no killing, no stealing, no addiction.
I have said, in this way, you should rest and
avoid
evil, compassion, love, and sharing. The virtuous woman, with her boundless wisdom,
avoids evil, compassion, love, and sharing. The virtuous woman, with her boundless wisdom,
[Music]
I ask, you love the flower, it permeates every
heart. Which flower on the
lute is the lotus, the
noble one among those fragrances? The
fragrance is supreme. The fragrance on the old lute is like a stream flowing in the wind, the
fragrance rises against the wind, spreading everywhere. The
fragrance on the old lute is like a stream flowing in the wind, the
fragrance rises against the wind. The virtuous woman, I respectfully ask, the
virtuous woman, the flower in the
courtyard, the autumn, the myriad colors, the vibrant.  In this world,
avoid adultery, murder, theft,
addiction, lying, and double-dealing.
Avoid evil
deeds, practice compassion, love, and sharing. Avoid evil deeds, practice compassion, love, and sharing. Avoid evil deeds, practice compassion, love, and sharing. Avoid evil deeds, practice compassion, love, and sharing.
Avoid evil deeds, practice compassion, love, and sharing. Avoid evil deeds, practice compassion, love, and sharing.
[music]
m ch